:book: Adding ComponentConfig Documentation (#1876)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/component-config-tutorial/api-changes.md

# Changing things up

> While this tutorial will show you how to setup a custom configuration, the
> generated project files under
> [docs/book/src/componentconfig-tutorial/testdata/project][tutorial-source]
> are generated with the built-in `component-config` flag passed into the `init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will show you how to create a custom configuration for your project
by modifying a project generated with the `--component-config` flag passed to the `init` command. The full tutorial's source can be found [here][tutorial-source]. Make sure you've
gone through the [installation steps](/quick-start.md#installation) before continuing.
```

[tutorial-source]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/tree/master/docs/book/src/component-config-tutorial/testdata/project

To setup a new project with component config first we'll need to scaffold out a

> new project. Make sure you've [installed 
> Kubebuilder](../quick-start.md#installation), then scaffold out a new
> project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new project:
```
